Text section for teams (#12)
tardis-sn/tardis-sn.github.io: content/team/collaboration.md

---
title: "Collaboration"
date: 2021-06-28T13:44:15-05:00
draft: false
layout: page
---
The present version of TARDIS would not have been possible 
if not for the work of the following active and past members 
of our community. To know more about members with specific 
roles, visit the <a href="../community_roles/">Community Roles</a> page.

## GSoC/SoCIS Students

> A brief explanation on GSoC & SoCIS

Reviewer: Can you please put a brief explaination of what GSoC and SoCIS are (hyperlinking them to their website)?

| Program  | Name     | Project  |
|----------|----------|----------|

> | GSoC 2020  | Jordi Eguren Brown   | <a href="https://summerofcode.withgoogle.com/archive/2020/projects/5699342318436352/" target="_blank" rel="noopener nofollow">TARDIS Code reestructure with factory method</a>   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| GSoC 2020  | Jordi Eguren Brown   | <a href="https://summerofcode.withgoogle.com/archive/2020/projects/5699342318436352/" target="_blank" rel="noopener nofollow">TARDIS Code restructure with factory method</a>   |
```

| SOCIS 2016 | Tomas Bylund  | No Report  |
| GSoC 2016  | Karan Desai   | <a href="https://summerofcode.withgoogle.com/archive/2016/projects/4796129849901056/" target="_blank" rel="noopener nofollow"> Extensive Test Suite for TARDIS<a>   |
| GSoC 2016  | Mikhail Mishin   | <a href="https://summerofcode.withgoogle.com/archive/2016/projects/6699840280985600/" target="_blank" rel="noopener nofollow">Carsus - TARDIS support package for creating atomic datasets.</a>   |
| GSoC 2016  | Fotis Tsamis  | <a href="https://summerofcode.withgoogle.com/archive/2016/projects/5656164301799424/" target="_blank" rel="noopener nofollow">Improvement of the TARDIS configuration system</a>  |
| GSoC 2015  | Aoife Boyle   | <a href="https://www.google-melange.com/archive/gsoc/2015/orgs/tardis_sn/projects/aboyle.html" target="_blank" rel="noopener nofollow">Implementation of new features into the new Tardis plasma module framework.</a>   |
| GSoC 2015  | Vytautas Jančauskas   | <a href="https://www.google-melange.com/archive/gsoc/2015/orgs/tardis_sn/projects/bucket_brigade.html" target="_blank" rel="noopener nofollow">TARDIS-SN Fitting Multiple Supernova Spectra at Once</a>   |

> | GSoC 2014  | Vytautas Jančauskas   | No Report   |

Reviewer: It was under PSF - https://www.google-melange.com/archive/gsoc/2014/orgs/python/projects/bucket_brigade.html

roles, visit the <a href="../community_roles/">Community Roles</a> page.

## GSoC/SoCIS Students

> The Google Summer of Code (GSoc) is a global program focused on introducting students to open source software development. 
> The Summer of Code In Space (SoCIS) is a program that aims at promoting open-source space-related software to students.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [Google Summer of Code (GSoC)](https://summerofcode.withgoogle.com/) is a global program organized by Google where students work with an open source organization on a programming project during Summers. [Summer of Code In Space (SoCIS)](https://www.esa.int/Enabling_Support/Space_Engineering_Technology/SOCIS_The_ESA_Summer_of_Code_in_Space) is another similar program by ESA that aims at promoting open-source "space-related" software to students by letting them code new functionalities.
```
